# Software Project

## In this repository you will see:

    -Introduction to software project management
    - Lean Inception
    -Scrum and Kanban
    -US AND USM
    -Calendarization
    -Partial + Practical Work:

#### The company “Royal Academy” is dedicated to teaching project management courses worldwide. Although each country has its own teaching staff, the exams are centralized from the main headquarters located in Argentina. Currently, this headquarters must send two or more resources to each country for each exam date, with the cost that this entails. Furthermore, setting the dates, exams and subsequent treatments are cumbersome and very expensive processes, often affecting the number of courses that can be taught, which results in lower profits for the Company. They believe that the process could be greatly streamlined and improved if there was an online platform to submit the finals. They also want to carry out all the administrative tasks that today are carried out in notebooks or Excel spreadsheets.

## Previous definitions:
    ● AG: General Administrator
    ● AP: Country Administrator.
    ● AS: Headquarters Administrator.

(They take in person or only exams)
Survey. Below, I detail what I noted during the interview.
- The exams have Multiple Choice questions. They have a description, the ability to add one or more images, and a variable number of options. The number of answers that a user can select is fixed for each question. It remains to see how much each correct answer adds up and if the incorrect ones subtract.
- There are also true or false questions, defined with a description and one or more images.
- There could be more types of questions, but we don't know at the moment.
- The exam consists of 50 questions out of a total of 100 (or more) that will be registered in the system.
- There should be a question manager where an administrator can perform ABMs.
- Exam manager: You can build it by hand by selecting the questions or ask the system to simulate it. The mock generation can prepare 1 or more exams. (“EACH EXAM IS GENERATED BY THE SYSTEM AND IF YOU WANT TO ADD/MODIFY/REMOVE A QUESTION, YOU DO IT THROUGH THE ONLINE PLATFORM”)
- Manual assembly could be with a form that has all the questions and a checkbox next to it that indicates whether or not it is in the exam. You could have more than one column to do several exams at the same time. ("ALL")
- There must be maintenance to incorporate student notes for practical exams.
- After taking the exams, there must be a spreadsheet with the results of each student. There you can define the minimum approval score to see how many pass and how many do not (“Defined by the ABC administrator”). This is why we are not going to give the grade at the end of the online exam.
- It remains to be defined whether the final grade is an average between practical and theoretical or if it is calculated with another weighting. ("SUPPOSED")
- When the date closes, an email must be sent to the student (if they also failed? “SUPPOSED?”) with the grade and the digital certificate.
- We still don't know if they have a review of the exams or what it would be like. ("SUPPOSED")
- There must be one administrator profile per country. This is enabled by the AG (General Administrator).
- Each country has headquarters. This is administered by the AG and the AP.
- There must be a racing ABM. The races are enabled for countries (AG) and headquarters (AG, AP). (“0NLINE”)
- The venues define exam dates for each race (ABM) (schedules and maximum number of registrants).
- There must be an ABM of students (AS). Students are enrolled in careers (AS). Students who enroll in one location are automatically available for the others (“locations”).
- There must be an account confirmation record for students. That is, the AS registers it on the platform, but it is the student himself who must validate his email and create a password to access the site.
- Students must register for the shifts in which they are going to take the exam.
- We have to define how we do the exam, if all the questions are seen together, if it goes one by one, how we save the progress in case the connection is lost or something like that. See how we do it so you can mark questions for later review.
- Students can be in more than one career.
- It remains to define the reports and statistics.
- It has to be able to be seen from cell phones.
- The design must be friendly and respect the company's aesthetics (keep in mind that the marketing department is currently redesigning the entire corporate image).
- Define the technical requirements (equipment and connections). Keep in mind that there are locations that do not have a good internet connection and the service is intermittent.
- We only have 3 months for the system to be operational.
